<h1> Automation Testing Project: Swag Labs (saucedemo.com) </h1>

<h2> Project Description </h3>
This project is part of the "Software Quality Assurance" program organized by Digitalent Kominfo in collaboration with Rakamin Academy. The project aims to provide an in-depth understanding of automation testing using Java, Selenium, and Gherkin syntax, with a focus on the https://saucedemo.com website.

<h2> Key Features </h2>
  <ul>
    <li>Automated testing of various features on saucedemo.com website</li>
    <li>Using Gherkin syntax to create easily readable test scenarios</li>
    <li>Integration with Cucumber to execute test scenarios.</li>
  </ul>

<h2> User Instructions </h2>
<ol>
  <li> Requirements </li>
    <ul>
      <li>Ensure you have installed the latest Java Development Kit (JDK).</li>
      <li>Install Selenium WebDriver.</li>
      <li>Install Cucumber for Java.</li>
      <li>Download ChromeDriver (or the appropriate WebDriver for the browser you intend to test).</li>
    </ul>
  <li> Project Setup </li>
    <ul>
      <li>Clone this repository to your computer: git clone [https://github.com/vidhapratiwi/saucedemo-automation-testing.git].</li>
      <li>Open the project in IntelliJ IDEA or another Java IDE.</li>
    </ul>
  <li> Running Tests </li>
    <ul>
      <li> Open the runAll.java file. </li>
      <li> Execute the file to initiate the execution of all test scenarios. </li>
    </ul>
  <li> Test Results </li>
    <ul>
      <li>Test results will be displayed in the console and can also be found in reports generated by Cucumber.</li>
    </ul>
</ol>

<h2> Contributions </h2>
Feel free to contribute by creating pull requests if you'd like to share enhancements or new features that would benefit this project.

## Contact
Got questions or want to chat about this project? Reach out to me anytime at vidharossa13@gmail.com
